feat: add `infra.isRelease` function (#616)Co-authored-by: Damien Duportal <damien.duportal@gmail.com> (#616)
jenkins-infra/pipeline-library: vars/infra.txt

    Return true if this Pipeline is executing on a trusted CI environment.
</p>

<strong>infra.isRelease()</strong>

<p>

>     Return true if this Pipeline is executing on a release CI environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Return true if this Pipeline is executing on the Jenkins release CI environment.
```
